hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about a science fiction film called
inuyashiki
be ready for some spoilers ahead
ichiro is a middle-class man who bought
a new house for his family
but they don't seem to be very
appreciative of his efforts complaining
how it's smaller than all the houses
nearby
the father bought sushi for the family
to celebrate but they don't want any
takeouts and instead goes to a
restaurant without their old man
ichiro has no choice but to enjoy the
celebration by himself
at work his boss complains about his new
project that's trying to sell energy
drinks
which is making the company lose a lot
of money ichiro apologizes publicly
while his manager yells at him in front
of all his co-workers
he goes home after a tough day only to
see some thug stealing from a man
similar to himself
ichiro turns around in fear only to be
spotted by his daughter
who blames him for being a coward while
sitting outside his house
ichiro finds a straight dog abandoned by
her master
walking towards him her name is hanako
and the main character feels a kinship
with her right away
the wife sees her husband with the dog
and immediately tells him to get rid of
her
she hands him a report about his recent
medical examination
which requires him to do further
testings ichiro receives a terrible news
from the doctor
who tells him that he has stage 4 cancer
and only about 3 months to live
he tries calling his wife about the news
but she chooses to ignore him
each will cause his daughter but she
also ignores his phone call
at dinner time he tries telling his
family about his medical condition
but they're too engulfed in themselves
and continues to blame the father for
every little mishap the wife demands her
husband to get rid of the dog
while paying no attention to the pain in
her husband's eyes
ichiro walks his pet out into the
streets and wonders if his family will
even cry for him after hearing the
terrible news
he apologizes to hanako and tries to
leave her behind
but she continues to follow him
everywhere he goes
after failing to leave his loyal
companion ichiro realizes that hanukkah
is the only thing in this world that
cares about him
and apologizes profusely for abandoning
his friend
he sees another man named hero
contemplating while sitting in the park
and both of them look up as they see a
bright light heading this way
an object hits them with blinding speed
and each row loses consciousness while
strange creature
surrounds him as hanukkah barks
continuously he wakes up in the morning
finding his dog beside him and
surprisingly he somehow regained perfect
vision without his glasses
ichiro goes home for breakfast only to
find that he cannot taste any of the
food
and feels extremely thirsty while
drinking water from the fountain
he goes to his room only to see that
smoke is coming out from his left hand
it then turns into a large rifle and
shoots what appears to be the soup he
drank from earlier
his whole body begins transforming and
opening everywhere
showing mechanical parts underneath the
skin each row manages to pull himself
together
as his wife walks into the room it turns
out that ichiro's daughter mary
goes to the same class as hiro the man
who was with ichiro last night
he goes to his friend choco and decides
to show him the power he obtained from
the encounter last night
by shooting a bird from the distance
with his fingers
hiro then takes his friend to an
underground parking where he
demonstrates the ability to control cars
with his mind
and proceeds to reveal his mechanical
body from underneath
at the same time ichiro leaves work and
sees an injured pigeon on the floor
he holds the animal in compassion and
surprisingly
is able to heal it to full health and
sense of flying again
he hears another voice of suffering from
afar and quickly arrives to the hospital
where a boy is close to dying from a
terminal
illness ichiro puts his hand on the boy
and manages to bring him back to health
just like the pigeon seeing the mother
reunite with her son
he goes solving happiness knowing that
he saved someone's life
on the other side hiro brings his friend
to the bullies and demands that they
apologize and give back the money they
took
he grabs onto the bully's arm and hurts
him until he gets exactly what he wants
hiro points his finger towards the man
and just before he kills
choco stops him telling him it's enough
his apparent bravery catches the
attention of a girl named xion
who confesses to him in the hallway hiro
thanks her for the compliments and walks
away with a smile
we learned that his mother is divorced
because hiro's father
left her for another woman even though
she was betrayed by her ex-husband
she still shows care for his health and
wants hiro to spend time with his father
he goes to their house and spends time
eating dinner with their family
but you can see that their happiness
only infuriates hiro from a finn
as he believes that it was stolen from
his mother while playing with his
half-brother
hiro points his finger towards the
family and hesitates about pulling the
trigger
he eventually stops as he looks at his
father and realizes that he still cares
for the man despite what he's done
hiro walks home alone and hears all the
happiness from the families nearby
he breaks into one of the houses and
proceeds to shoot everyone inside
ichiro hears this from the hospital
after saving more people
and rushes to the house where he finds
the young girl with a bullet hole on her
head
he tries saving her with his power but
realizes that it only works on living
creatures
he walks in the living room and sees
heroes standing over the dead bodies
ichiro recognizes the man from the park
earlier but hiro attacks him and sends
him flying before he can say a single
word
he recovers unharmed and rushes out of
the house only to see
hiro flying off into the distance choco
meets with hiro
and suspects his friend is responsible
for the murders that occurred last night
since they all died with gunshots but no
bullets
hiro admits that he killed the family
but justifies this believing that he's a
god now
he says that strangers die every day no
matter what happens
and they shouldn't feel sorry for the
people that they don't even know
choco refuses to accept this and backs
off in fear
he tells hero that they can't be friends
anymore and runs away from the murderer
hiro goes home to his mother and to his
surprise she tells her son that he must
live with his father from now on
she explains that she has inoperable
cancer and the doctors told her that she
won't live much longer
hiro embraces his mother and cries while
swearing that he would never allow her
to die
ichiro goes home and tells his family
that he was demoted by the company
the wife yells at him worrying about
their mortgage while the daughter
becomes angry at his father for his
incompetence
ichiro laments about his inability to
protect his own family
and doubts that he's able to stop the
murders and help others
suddenly he hears choco's voice praying
that someone can stop his best friend
from killing more people
ichiro realizes that he has to stop
doubting himself
and resolves to use his powers to stop
hiro from murdering others
he transforms into his robot form and
flies towards the sky while carrying
hanukkah with him
ichiro arrives to the park and meets
choco they talk about what happened on
that night
and choco speculates that aliens must
have reconstructed both ichiro and hiro
he thinks that they both must have the
same abilities and decides to train
ichiro based on what he saw a hero is
able to do
they go to a junkyard and ichiro tries
shooting a tin can with his hand
let's just say that the old man has a
lot of training to do before he can even
come close to beating his rival
on the other side hiro goes to see the
doctor with his mother
only to find out that the cancer has
fully disappeared from her body
most likely due to her son healing her
with his powers
they walk home together a hero tries to
convince his mother to enjoy
life and go on vacations he promises
that he will make her happy
as her life has been difficult from the
beginning their happiness don't last
however when they're visited by a group
of police officers
demanding to question hiro about the
murders he runs off immediately while
his mother screams for his name
hiro tosses the police officers around
like ragdolls and sprints onto the
parking lot
he uses his powers to kill three of the
officers while others fire at him with
no effects
hiro jumps down from the stairway and
proceeds to fly away from the area
the news of his escape travels quickly
through the media
and hero quickly becomes a fugitive with
nowhere to hide
luckily he runs into xi'an and she
decides to take him in despite his
current status
we learned that xi'an is living with her
grandma the only relative that she has
left her parents died of illness years
ago and she doesn't think that she can
live long either
meanwhile ichiro finally makes some
progress on his training
but gets tired easily from all the
excursions he becomes thirsty again and
grabs the energy drink from his company
shoko speculates that the water must
fuel their bodies as they become very
thirsty after using their weapons
ichiro begins feeling pain from his body
and shoots out the liquid just like he
did last time with the soup
choco quickly realizes that it may be
the sodium contents that's causing his
body to malfunction
and they may be able to use this to
their advantage later
at night hiro watches the news about his
mother only to see that everyone is
blaming her for what her son did
she apologizes repeatedly but receives
no sympathy from anyone
he falls into tears realizing that the
crimes he committed is now being paid by
the person he loves the most in this
world
the news then informs him that they
found his mother dead in her apartment
apparently she killed herself after
being pressured by the media
hiro goes into shock at this realization
he begins reading the comments on the
video
only to see everyone cursing at his
mother's name hiro becomes
enraged and uses his powers to hack into
the commenter's computers
he begins shooting everyone through
their screens causing widespread
mortality across the nation
as the people fought dead after looking
at their devices
xi'an finds hiro unable to sleep at
night and tries to comfort him
but the man tells her that he's
responsible for killing all those people
he transforms in front of her and tries
to scare her away
but the girl refuses to believe that the
man she loves is a killer
hiro rushes her outside and takes her to
the sky
asking shion if this frightens her but
the only thing that the girl is scared
of
is if he left he realizes that she's the
only person left in this world who cares
about
him and promises to protect her and stay
with her forever
hiro is finally able to sleep and shion
smiles and says that he's very human
after all she goes to the kitchen and
feels something beside her
shion turns around only to see an army
of soldiers pointing their guns at her
hiro sees this and grabs her immediately
while the soldiers fire continuously at
his body
he turns around and retaliates with fury
killing every one of them
when everything settles he notices that
xion is already dead with multiple gun
wounds on her body
hero cries at his friend's death and
resolves to kill everyone in the country
ishiro sees the news reports about the
recent murders and warns his family to
turn off their phones
but none of them listens and proceeds to
go out despite the dangers
mary meets up with her friends while
they climb to the top of a high rise to
enjoy the sceneries
hiro begins broadcasting himself on
every single network and tells everyone
his intentions of destroying the country
in order to avenge his family
no one takes him seriously until he
begins shooting at the masses
and people are dropping dead everywhere
everybody panics and runs in chaos but
there is nowhere to hide from his
attacks
ichiro manages to hijack the signal and
choco tells everyone to throw away their
phones in order to prevent the attacks
without any way to reach the masses hero
decides to attack humanity directly
by firing numerous missiles at the city
and causing explosions
everywhere ichiro finds hiro and tries
to convince him to stop
but his words fail to reach the young
man as he begins chasing ichiro through
the sky
they go through the buildings in the
city and hiro follows the old man
closely
he begins shooting a barrage of missiles
but each row manages to evade them as
they explode right behind him
they fly through an underground tunnel
and each row nearly gets hit by the
upcoming traffics
as they fly closer to mary the father
begins hearing her plead for
help as her building was struck by one
of the missiles the old man rushes
towards his daughter
but gets attacked by hiro from behind
which stuns his flight system and forces
him to crash land on the side of a
building
ichiro tries shooting at the men but
hero dodges the attacks and kicks him
through the building
they crash into a helicopter and knocks
it towards the walls
causing it to explode they land on a
rooftop and each row continues to beg
hiro to stop
killing the young man takes out a bottle
of water and tries to recharge
but ichiro destroys it hiro charges at
him and takes the water from the old man
he drinks the whole bottle and continues
to fire missiles sending ichiro flying
into the sky
hiro chases the old man as they fly
further into the atmosphere
he fires more missiles at ichiro who
gets pushed by the explosion into outer
space
hiro punches him and takes this
opportunity to grab the old man
planning to finish the fight with a
final attack to his surprise
instead of firing missiles he shot out
the water he drank earlier which turns
out to be energy drink replaced by
ichiro
hiro falls back as his body malfunctions
ichiro transforms his arm into a rifle
and shoots numerous projectiles at hiro
sending him flying towards earth with
the explosions the old man flies towards
the building where his daughter is at
and sees mary lying motionless on the
ground he tries everything in order to
resurrect her
and manages to bring back her breath
they embrace each other as tears fall
from the old man's
eyes suddenly he gets kicked from the
side which sends him flying to the walls
it turns out the hero survived the fall
from earlier and returns to take his
vengeance
he learns that mary is the old man's
daughter and begins attacking her
shooting her stomach as ichiro
interferes hiro punches the old man
around like a rag doll and continues to
beat him in front of his daughter
he grabs mary and takes her to the edge
of the building hiro wants the father to
experience the same despair which she
feels every moment
and throws the daughter off the building
seeing his family about to get killed
ichiro charges all his energy and flies
towards hiro
he crashes into the man and breaks off
his arm while flying towards his
daughter
each row charges downwards and sees that
mary is still falling
he reaches out on the girl and manages
to catch her right before hitting the
ground
mary wakes up after being healed by her
father and realizes that her old man is
a superhero
she sees him fly off as he rushes to
save as many people as he could
although the government has confirmed
hiro's death they haven't really found
his body on site
only shards of medals of unknown origins
ichiro continues to have dinner with his
family like everything is normal
but his daughter now sees that her
father is a true hero
choco goes home and to his surprise sees
the hero is still alive
but missing an arm after the fight he's
glad to see that his friend didn't die
and offers him to play the newest video
game choco turns around after finding
the game
only to see that hero has left knowing
that his presence would only endanger
his best friend
so what do you guys think about this
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my video please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time